CORE-19035: New Deployment Schema Documentation (#2049)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.2/deploying-operating/deployment/deploying/manual-bootstrapping.md

### Grant Access to the Cluster Database

> The cluster database user is the one set through the `config.username` field under each Corda Worker that interacts with the Cluster database (see [deployment configuration]({{< relref "./_index.md#cluster-database" >}})).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The cluster database user is the user set in the `config.username` field under each Corda worker that interacts with the cluster database (see [deployment configuration]({{< relref "./_index.md#cluster-database" >}})).
```

> For each Corda Worker that interacts with the Cluster database, grant access to the user as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For each Corda Worker that interacts with the cluster database, grant access to the user as follows:
```

ALTER ROLE <CONFIG-DB-USERNAME> SET search_path TO "CONFIG";
```

### Create RBAC, Crypto and Virtual Node Users

Using the values defined for `RBAC-USERNAME` and `RBAC-PASSWORD` in [Populate the RBAC database connection configuration](#populate-the-rbac-database-connection-configuration), create the RBAC user and grant access as follows:

```sql
CREATE USER "<RBAC-USERNAME>" WITH ENCRYPTED PASSWORD '<RBAC-PASSWORD>';
GRANT USAGE ON SCHEMA "RBAC" to "<RBAC-USERNAME>";
GRANT SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE ON ALL TABLES IN SCHEMA "RBAC" to "<RBAC-USERNAME>";
ALTER ROLE "<RBAC-USERNAME>" SET search_path TO "RBAC";
```

Using the values defined for `CRYPTO-USERNAME` and `CRYPTO-PASSWORD` in [Populate the crypto database connection configuration](#populate-the-crypto-database-connection-configuration), create the Crypto user and grant access as follows:

```sql
CREATE USER "<CRYPTO-USERNAME>" WITH ENCRYPTED PASSWORD '<CRYPTO-PASSWORD>';
GRANT USAGE ON SCHEMA "CRYPTO" to "<CRYPTO-USERNAME>";
GRANT SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE ON ALL TABLES IN SCHEMA "CRYPTO" to "<CRYPTO-USERNAME>";
ALTER ROLE "<CRYPTO-USERNAME>" SET search_path TO "CRYPTO";
```

> Using the values defined for `VNODE-USERNAME` and `VNODE-PASSWORD` in [[Populate the virtual nodes database connection configuration](#populate-the-virtual-nodes-database-connection-configuration), create the Virtual Node user and grant access as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Using the values defined for `VNODE-USERNAME` and `VNODE-PASSWORD` in [[Populate the virtual nodes database connection configuration](#populate-the-virtual-nodes-database-connection-configuration), create the virtual node user and grant access as follows:
```

```sql
CREATE USER "<VNODE-USERNAME>" WITH ENCRYPTED PASSWORD '<VNODE-PASSWORD>';
GRANT USAGE ON SCHEMA "VIRTUAL_NODE" to "<VNODE-USERNAME>";
GRANT SELECT, INSERT, UPDATE, DELETE ON ALL TABLES IN SCHEMA "VIRTUAL_NODE" to "<VNODE-USERNAME>";
ALTER ROLE "<VNODE-USERNAME>" SET search_path TO "VIRTUAL_NODE";
```

### Grant Access to the State Manager Databases

> As mentioned in [State Manager Databases]({{< relref "./_index.md#state-manager-databases">}}), Corda Workers use individual set of credentials for accessing any particular state type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As mentioned in [State Manager Databases]({{< relref "./_index.md#state-manager-databases">}}), Corda workers use individual sets of credentials for accessing any particular state type.
```

> These credentials are configured at the Corda Worker level, under `stateManager.<STATE_TYPE>.username` and `stateManager.<STATE_TYPE>.password`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These credentials are configured at the Corda worker level, under `stateManager.<STATE_TYPE>.username` and `stateManager.<STATE_TYPE>.password`.
```

> Moreover, and by default, different state types are assigned to different database schemas, so great care must be taken when granting access.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, different state types are assigned to different database schemas and so you must grant access carefully.
```
